Update AWS VPC instructions for self service (#3253)
astronomer/docs: astro/connect-aws.md

    - CIDR block of the external VPC

2. In the Cloud UI, click your Workspace name in the upper left corner, then click **Organization Settings**. 

3. Click **Clusters**, select your cluster, click **VPC Peering Connections**, then click **+ VPC Peering Connection**.

4. Configure the following values for your VPC peering connection using the information you copied in Step 1:

    - **Peering Name**: Provide a name for the VPC peering connection. 
    - **AWS account ID**: Enter the account ID of the external VPC.
    - **Destination VPC ID**: Enter the VPC ID.
    - **Destination VPC region**: Enter the region of the external VPC.
    - **Destination VPC CIDR block**: Enter the CIDR block of the external VPC.

5. Click **Create Connection**. The connection appears as **Pending**.
6. Wait a few minutes for the **Complete Activation** button to appear, then click **Complete Activation link**. 
7. In the modal that appears, follow the instructions to accept the connection from your external VPC and create routes from the external VPC to Astro.

A few minutes after you complete the instructions in the modal, the connection status changes from **Pending** to **Active**. 

> :::info Alternative Astro Hybrid setup 

Author: Assuming that Hybrid instructions are the exact same as before

Reviewer: Yes no difference to Hybrid.

:::

:::warning

Self-service VPC configuration on Astro Hosted is in [Public Preview](feature-previews.md#astro-feature-previews).

:::

### Prerequisites

> - An external VPC on AWS

Author: ```suggestion
- An external VPC on AWS
- A CIDR block for your external VPC in the RFC 1918 range
```

:::

:::warning

Self-service VPC configuration on Astro Hosted is in [Public Preview](feature-previews.md#astro-feature-previews).

:::

### Prerequisites

- An external VPC on AWS
- [Organization Owner](user-permissions.md#organization-roles) permissions

### Setup

To set up a private connection between an Astro VPC and an AWS VPC, you can create a VPC peering connection. VPC peering ensures private and secure connectivity, reduces network transit costs, and simplifies network layouts.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

:::

:::warning

Self-service VPC configuration on Astro Hosted is in [Public Preview](feature-previews.md#astro-feature-previews).

:::

### Prerequisites

- An external VPC on AWS
- Organization Owner permissions

### Setup

To set up a private connection between an Astro VPC and an AWS VPC, you can create a VPC peering connection. VPC peering ensures private and secure connectivity, reduces network transit costs, and simplifies network layouts.

> To create a VPC peering connection between an Astro VPC and an AWS VPC, you must create a temporary assumable role. The Astro AWS account will assume this role to initiate a VPC peering connection.

Reviewer: This section shouldn't actually be here. Not required for self-service peering. We should remove this entire line.

    - **Destination VPC CIDR block**: Enter the CIDR block of the external VPC.

5. Click **Create Connection**. The connection appears as **Pending**.
6. Wait a few minutes for the **Complete Activation** button to appear, then click **Complete Activation link**. 
7. In the modal that appears, follow the instructions to accept the connection from your external VPC and create routes from the external VPC to Astro.

A few minutes after you complete the instructions in the modal, the connection status changes from **Pending** to **Active**. A new default route appears in **Routes** with your configured CIDR block.

:::info Troubleshooting VPC connection statuses

Astro might show additional information in your connection status if it has an issue when it creates the connection. The following are all possible connection statuses.

- **Pending** (Without **Complete Activation**): Astro is sending the peering request to the external VPC. Wait 1-2 minutes for request to be created and sent.
- **Pending** (With **Complete Activation**): The peering connection request has been created and sent. Click **Complete Activation** to finish the setup.

> - **Active** = The peering connection was successfully created and accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Active**: The peering connection was successfully created and accepted.
```

> - **Failed** = The peering connection request was rejected. Delete the failed connection and retry using a new connection configuration. If you don't delete the failed connection, Astro will retry creating the peering request whenever you create a new VPC connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Failed**: The peering connection request was rejected. Delete the failed connection and retry using a new connection configuration. If you don't delete the failed connection, Astro will retry creating the peering request whenever you create a new VPC connection.
```

> - **Not Found** = Astro failed to create the peering request. Wait 5 minutes for Astro to retry. If the status hasn't changed after 5 minutes, delete the connection and retry using a new connection configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Not Found**: Astro failed to create the peering request. Wait 5 minutes for Astro to retry. If the status hasn't changed after 5 minutes, delete the connection and retry using a new connection configuration.
```

    - VPC ID of the external VPC
    - CIDR block of the external VPC

> 2. Create a temporary role using the [role creation stack template](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/create/review?templateURL=https://cre-addon-infrastructure-us-east-1.s3.amazonaws.com/astro-peering-role.yaml). In the **Quick create stack** template that opens, complete the following fields:

Reviewer: applicable to Hybrid

> 2. In the Cloud UI, click your Workspace name in the upper left corner, then click **Organization Settings**. 

Reviewer: Somewhere in these instructions, we may want to add that you need an Organization Owner to create the VPC Peering and Routes

3. Click **Clusters**, select your cluster, click **VPC Peering Connections**, then click **+ VPC Peering Connection**.

4. Configure the following values for your VPC peering connection using the information you copied in Step 1:

    - **Peering Name**: Provide a name for the VPC peering connection. 
    - **AWS account ID**: Enter the account ID of the external VPC.
    - **Destination VPC ID**: Enter the VPC ID.

>     - **Destination VPC region**: Enter the region of the VPC external VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Destination VPC region**: Enter the region of the external VPC.
```

    - **Destination VPC CIDR block**: Enter the CIDR block of the external VPC.

> 5. Click **Create Connection**. The Cloud UI provides an AWS CLI command to accept the connection. 

Reviewer: Initially will go into Pending mode, as the backend creates the peering connection request. Once created, the user will see a pcx-***** id along with a link to "Complete Activation". This will bring up a modal with the CLI command to (step 1) accept the peering connection (as well as a link to the UI instructions), and (step 2) provide a CLI command to create the necessary routes back to the Astro VPC on the external VPC.

6. Run the provided command using the AWS CLI.

> After you configure a VPC peering connection, you must create routes to define how your cluster connects to the external VPC network.

Reviewer: After the peering connection is accepted by the customer in their AWS account, after 1-2 mins the status in Astro UI will flip to Active to indicate it was a successful connection. The default route will also be created on the Astro VPC and listed in the Routes tab.
If the customer hasn't created the route back to Astro VPC (step 2 above), they still need to do this for the network traffic to flow successfully.

> 1. Open the **Routes** tab, then click **+ Route**.

Reviewer: FYI... this is only necessary if the customer needs to add additional routes (eg. for different CIDRs) on an existing VPC Peering connection.

2. Configure the following details for your route:

    - **Route ID**: Provide a name for the route. 

>     - **Destination**: Enter the specific address from the CIDR block that the cluster should network with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Destination**: Enter the CIDR block of the external VPC.
```

    - **Target**: Select the VPC peering connection you configured. 

> 3. Click **Create Route**, then wait for the route status to switch from **Pending** to **Active**. 

Reviewer: There is no status for Routes, only for VPC peering. Below are the VPC Peering statuses:

Pending w/o Complete Activation link = Astro backend is sending off the peering request
Pending w/ Complete Activation link = Peering connection request created and waiting for Customer to accept
Active = Peering connection accepted and created
Failed = Peering connection rejected
Not Found = Astro backend failed to create the peering request

> After the route is active, your cluster is connected to the external VPC.

Reviewer: More so when the VPC Peering connection is set to Active. Again the customer still needs to create the route back to Astro (step 2 above) if they haven't.

7. (Optional) Delete the stack that you created. This will delete the temporary assumable role.

:::

### Configure additional routes for a VPC connection

> To create additional routes for existing VPC connections: 

Author: Why would a customer need to do this? Is it because there's additional services that need routes?

Reviewer: If the target VPC has multiple CIDR blocks for various data services/systems that Astro needs to connect to. The initial peering connection will establish a connection to the target VPC and create a route to the first CIDR block. Additional routes are required to connect to the other CIDR blocks on the target VPC.

1. Open the **Routes** tab, then click **+ Route**.

2. Configure the following details for your route:

    - **Route ID**: Provide a name for the route. 

>     - **Destination**: Enter the CIDR block of the external VPC.

Author: Is this the entire block or something more specific?

Reviewer: Could be the entire CIDR block or specific subnets as per https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/peering-configurations-partial-access.html

7. (Optional) Delete the stack that you created. This will delete the temporary assumable role.

:::

### Configure additional routes for a VPC connection

To create additional routes for existing VPC connections: 

1. Open the **Routes** tab, then click **+ Route**.

2. Configure the following details for your route:

    - **Route ID**: Provide a name for the route. 

>     - **Destination**: Enter the CIDR block of the external VPC.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Destination**: Enter a CIDR block or specific subnets of the external VPC.
```

    - **Target**: Select the VPC peering connection you configured. 

> 3. Click **Create Route**, then wait for the route status to switch from **Pending** to **Active**. 

Author: ```suggestion
3. Click **Create Route**, then wait a few minutes for the route to be created.
```

7. (Optional) Delete the stack that you created. This will delete the temporary assumable role.

:::

### Configure additional routes for a VPC connection

To create additional routes for existing VPC connections: 

1. Open the **Routes** tab, then click **+ Route**.

2. Configure the following details for your route:

    - **Route ID**: Provide a name for the route. 
    - **Destination**: Enter the CIDR block of the external VPC.
    - **Target**: Select the VPC peering connection you configured. 

> 3. Click **Create Route**, then wait for the route status to switch from **Pending** to **Active**. 

Reviewer: We don't have route status reporting yet. For now let's just say wait 1-2 mins for the route to be created.
